so a CE faras management of civilian and military personnel yourself,
you have to distinguish between the civilian personnel off the contractors,
Resilient said. A lot more invested than the contractors, and
the contractors are only legally bound to their contract. So there
are three players in that in that case, helping you. And the other
thing that you need to know. I understand military they're covered with
inside the lifelines. That ship gets underway. Everyone's underwear.
Civilians may or may not be getting underway with depending upon
the size ship, because there are so civilians, that big deck aiders
and on the carriers. But for the most part, civilian contractors,
they're not getting under way with not on a ship spurt. So do you have
to understand what the mission is? What are they doing? And then
situationally? It's different. When you entered shipyard, you enter
the shipyard, you know, Remember when the when the bow crosses Cecil
off the shipyard, commanding officers don't want responsible. The ship
was responsible course, but technically, you know the dry dock captain
over his ship that on the contractors are charge of breaking
down kids cutting up the ship. It's stalling New equipment and making
that shift better. So at that point, the contractors become important
very during into being with intermediate maintenance of Elba. Lucy.
I am a